## Loggings Settings

Loggings offers various configurations to customize the behavior and appearance of logs. Below are the available settings along with a description of each:

### format

- **Description**: Defines the format of log messages displayed in the console.
- **Default Value**: `[{status}] [{{hours}:{minutes}:{seconds}}].gray {message}`
- **Main Arguments**:
  - `{status}`: The status of the log (Debug, Info, Warn, Error).
  - `{message}`: The log message.
- **Timer Arguments**:
  - `{day}`, `{month}`, `{year}`, `{hours}`, `{minutes}`, `{seconds}`, `{milliseconds}`: Date and time information.

### status_colors

- **Description**: Defines the default colors for each status level (Debug, Info, Warn, Error).
- **Default Value**:
  ```typescript
  {
      Debug: "cyan",
      Info: "green",
      Warn: "yellow",
      Error: "red"
  }
  ```

### color_fallback

- **Description**: Defines the default color to be used if a specified color is incorrect.

### level

- **Description**: Defines the log level to show/register logs.
- **Supported Values**: "Error", "Warn", "Info", "Debug".

### console

- **Description**: Enables showing logs in the terminal.
- **Default Value**: `true`.

### controller_title

- **Description**: Title used in the `{title}` argument and in registered logs.
- **Default Value**: Empty.

### controller_color

- **Description**: Visual color used in the `{title}` argument.
- **Default Value**: Empty.

### register

- **Description**: Enables registering logs to a file.
- **Default Value**: `false`.

### register_del

- **Description**: Enables deleting logs if the configured limit in "register_limit" is exceeded.
- **Default Value**: `false`.

### register_limit

- **Description**: Defines how many log files will be needed to start deleting old files.
- **Default Value**: `0`.

### register_dir

- **Description**: Directory where log files will be stored.
- **Default Value**: "./Logs".

### register_locale_file

- **Description**: Location format of the log file.
- **Default Value**: "{register_dir}/{title}/{status}".

### register_format

- **Description**: Registration format used in registered logs.
- **Default Value**: "[ {day}/{month}/{year} at {hours}:{minutes}:{seconds} ] [ _.{title}._ ]{message}".

### register_type

- **Description**: Method used in registered logs.
- **Supported Values**: "log", "json".
- **Default Value**: "log".

These settings can be adjusted as needed to meet the specific requirements of your application. Be sure to review and customize these settings according to your logging preferences and needs.

## Loggings Progress Settings

Loggings also offers settings for controlling progress bars. Below are the available settings along with a description of each:

### progress_format

- **Description**: Defines the default format of the progress bar.
- **Default Value**: `{progress}% [{bar}].red | [{current}].blue/[{total}].green TIME:[{progress_time}].gray|ETA:[{progress_eta}].red - {message}`
- **Arguments**:
  - `{progress}`: Percentage of the progress bar.
  - `{bar}`: Style of the progress bar.
  - `{current}`: Current value of the progress bar.
  - `{total}`: Total value of the progress bar.
  - `{progress_time}`: Current progress time.
  - `{progress_eta}`: Estimated time to completion.
  - `{message}`: Message associated with the progress bar.

### progress_size

- **Description**: Defines the default size of the progress bar.
- **Default Value**: `10`.

### progress_bar

- **Description**: Defines the base character used to build the progress bar.
- **Default Value**: `"|"`.

### progress_mili

- **Description**: Enables displaying time in milliseconds for progress and estimation.
- **Default Value**: `false`.

### progress_fixed

- **Description**: [Optional] Progress Fixed total and current value "visual", not value;.

These settings can be adjusted as needed to control the behavior and appearance of progress bars generated by Loggings. Be sure to review and customize these settings according to your specific progress and task tracking needs in your application.